                               inflow_24mo
                                     
Inflow_24mo is an embedded C program which develops monthly
inflows for the 24 month study.  Forecast data is pulled from
HDB.  Inflows are then generated and stored back into HDB for the
upcoming 24 month period.  The application will develop inflow
data sets for most probable, maximum probable and minimum
probable model runs.  

The application is able to incorporate various algorithms for
determining monthly inflow values.  There are algorithms for the
development of flows based on: (1) Actual monthly forecasted
flows, (2) April through July forecasts, (3) Historical
statistics, (4) Use of a nearby forecast point (neighbor) that
gets radioed to the historical averages of both the sites, and
(5) Interpolation between forecasts and historical averages.  The
behavior of the program is determined by the configuration in the
inflow_24mo.h file.  To modify the number of sites processed or
the behavior of the program in processing each of the sites, this
.h file must be edited.  Instructions for doing so are included
in the program comments within the .h file itself.

The application has 4 command line arguments.  The usage is shown
here.

usage: inflow_24mo < run_date > < P | M | F > < Most | Max | Min>
<app_role_password>

The first argument is the run date.  Any valid ingres date format
will work (i.e. 10/1/96 or 01-oct-1996).  Hydromet date formats
will not work.  For 24 month studies from final or preliminary
forecasts the day within this date must be the first of the
month.  For 24 month studies from mid month forecasts, the day
must be the 15th of the month.  

The second argument, lets the application know what type of
forecast is being used.  It must be either P M or F depending on
whether the forecast being used is preliminary, mid month or
final.  

The third argument is the probability type, either most, max or
min.

The final argument is the application role password.  This
application run using the application role.

Run the program by typing inflow_24mo along with valid arguments. 
Error checking for invalid arguments has been incorporated
whereby the user will receive messages telling why the program
can not run with the given arguments.

When run with valid arguments as shown below

% inflow_24mo 12/1/96 F Most *****

The application will load the inflow data into the m_month table
in HDB.  As it processes it will display to the user what method
was used on a month by month basis develop the inflow number.

The source code is located on slcdg1 and has been compiled to run
on ucsun1.  The source code is located on slcdg1 in the path
/apps/uchdba/HDB_applications/appCode/24mo/src. The compiled
executable is located on ucsun1 in
/export/home/uchdba/HDB_applications/bin.  The application
consists of 10 functions.  Five of these use embedded
programming.  To compile the program.  Log on to ucsun1 as
uchdba.  Use the automounter to cd to the slcdg1 disk.

% cd /net/slcdg1/apps/uchdba/HDB_applications/appCode/24mo/src
% make -f Makefile.SUN1.inflow

If the inflow_24mo.h file has been edited the application must be
recompiled.  

As of December 96 the application is processing 8 sites
(Fontenelle, Flaming Gorge, Taylor Park, Blue Mesa, Morrow Point,
Crystal, Navajo, and Glen Canyon).

Tom Ryan 12/96




